Add `requirements` list for `Pipeline` (#720)
argilla-io/distilabel: docs/sections/how_to_guides/advanced/pipeline_requirements.md

# Add requirements to run a Pipeline

> When sharing a pipeline that is not made of the predefined `Steps` and `Tasks` in distilabel, you may want to add the specific requirements that are needed to run it,
> to warn the user if something isn't installed and avoid errors when running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When sharing a `Pipeline` that contains custom `Step`s or `Task`s, you may want to add the specific requirements that are needed to run them. `distilabel` will take this list of requirements and warn the user if any are missing.
```

> You can now add requirements at the step level as well as on the pipeline. The following is a sample pipeline that adds requirements `nltk` as a dependency to a sample `CustomStep`, and we also inform the pipeline must run using `distilabel>=1.3.0`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's see how we can add additional requirements with an example. The first thing we're going to do is to add requirements for our `CustomStep`. To do so we use the `requirements` decorator to specify that the step has `nltk>=3.8` as dependency (we can use [version specifiers](https://peps.python.org/pep-0440/#version-specifiers)). In addition, we're going to specify at `Pipeline` level that we need `distilabel>=1.3.0` to run it.
```

```python
from typing import List

from distilabel.steps import Step
from distilabel.steps.base import StepInput
from distilabel.steps.typing import StepOutput
from distilabel.steps import LoadDataFromDicts
from distilabel.utils.requirements import requirements
from distilabel.pipeline import Pipeline

@requirements(["nltk"])
class CustomStep(Step):
    @property
    def inputs(self) -> List[str]:
        return ["instruction"]

    @property
    def outputs(self) -> List[str]:
        return ["response"]

    def process(self, inputs: StepInput) -> StepOutput:  # type: ignore
        for input in inputs:
            input["response"] = nltk.word_tokenize(input)
        yield inputs

with Pipeline(
    name="pipeline-with-requirements", requirements=["distilabel>=1.3.0"]
) as pipeline:
    loader = LoadDataFromDicts(data=[{"instruction": "sample sentence"}])
    step1 = CustomStep()
    loader >> step1

> 
> pipeline.run()

Reviewer: ```suggestion

if __name__ == "__main__":
    pipeline.run()
```

```

> Once we call `pipeline.run()`, if any of the requirements informed at the `Step` or `Pipeline` level isn't met, a `ValueError` will be raised telling us that we should install the list of dependencies:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once we call `pipeline.run()`, if any of the requirements informed at the `Step` or `Pipeline` level is missing, a `ValueError` will be raised telling us that we should install the list of dependencies:
```
